Changelog for D4J eZine Joomla! extension
=========================================

Legend:

* -> Security Fix
# -> Bug Fix
+ -> Addition
^ -> Change
- -> Removed
! -> Note


---------------- 2.8 Released -- [10-Oct-2006 10:21 GMT+7] ------------------

 + Added "sef_ext.php" SEF extension for SEF Advance. This allow creation of
SEF URL for all eZine page with SEF Advance component or other Joomla! SEF
component which compatible with SEF Advance`s "sef_ext.php" SEF extension.

 + Added "eZine SEF URL Manager" menu item under "Components" -> "D4J eZine
v2.8" for manage/add/edit eZine SEF URL with ease.

 + Added ability to create real image thumbnail using either GD2 library or
ImageMagick / NetPBM image processing software.

 ^ eZine page`s "# leading category", "# intro category" and "# intro category
columns" parameters have been changed to "# block 1 categories", "# block 1
columns", "# block 2 categories", "# block 2 columns", "# block 3 categories"
and "# block 3 columns" for more flexible arranging eZine category.

 ^ Changed eZine cover page mechanism from create then open a stand-alone html
file to store cover html code in database then (raw) output within Joomla.

 ^ eZine HTML and CSS output has been rewritten which more clean and clear for
easily customize the look and feel of eZine frontend.

 ^ eZine`s component folder has been renamed from "com_d4j_ezine" to
"com_ezine" which make the URL look a bit nicer ("index.php?option=com_ezine"
instead of "index.php?option=com_d4j_ezine").


---------------- 2.7.6 Released -- [10-Sep-2006 01:06 GMT+7] ------------------

 * Fixed 1 security hole which allow hacker to call 3 un-safe inclusion files
directly.

 * Fixed 1 security hole which allow hacker to attach using remote file
inclusion technique.


---------------- 2.7.5 Released -- [31-Aug-2006 16:49 GMT+7] ------------------

 # Bug fixed: error occured with eZine when both PHP "register_global" and
Joomla! "RG_EMULATION" settings are turned off.

 # Bug fixed: issue with javascript code within newsletter content.

 # Bug fixed: publishing of new content item in frontend is sometimes delayed
for a certain time.

 ! No longer support for Mambo content management system.


---------------- 2.7.2 Released -- [27-Apr-2006 23:37 GMT+7] ------------------

 ^ Changed default value for some parameters found in eZine menu parameters,
eZine global configuration, eZine page and eZine category management.

 # Bug fixed: "PDF", "Print", "Close" icons/buttons not arranged correctly in
certain settings.


---------------- 2.7 Released -- [24-Apr-2006 21:23 GMT+7] ------------------

 + Added ability to display content item marked to show in frontpage as
"Featured Article".

 + Added support for positioning and arranging "PDF", "Print", "Close"
icons/buttons.

 ^ Updated {mosimage} processor: support for "Click to Enlarge" link
positioning; has ability to show/hide "Print" and "Close" button in popup
window containing real dimension image.

 # Bug fixed: "Link to Menu" and "Build / Remove" buttons not work when edit
an eZine page.

 # Bug fixed: {mosimage} bot tag belong to intro-text is still resolved to
image when intro-text is set to hide in full article page.

 # Bug fixed: eZine not process {mospagebreak} bot tag when AJAX is not
enable for article page opening.

 # Bug fixed: Duplication for load bot group action "onAfterDisplayContent".

 # Bug fixed: Get global settings for full content item page always return
null.


---------------- 2.5 Released -- [18-Apr-2006 14:42 GMT+7] ------------------

 + Now both "More in..." and full article pages are handled by eZine beside
the eZine page. Before this version, eZine only produces eZine page and call
the default com_content component to output "More in..." and full article
pages.

 ^ Article thumbnail updated to 4 types and 6 positions. Thumbnail position
setting has been moved from global level to category`s article block level
(leading, intro).

 + Added ability to hide first {mosimage} (which used for making thumbnail)
in full article page.

 + Added ability to turn on/off category title.

 + Added ability to set words count to truncate the article`s intro-text in
eZine and "More in..." pages.

 + Added more information (author, create date) to article link in eZine and
"More in..." pages.

 ^ AJAX engine has been updated to boost up the page loading speed.

 # Bug fixed: Always display intro-text even it is set to hide in content
item parameters when using AJAX to open full article page.


---------------- 2.2 Released -- [27-Mar-2006 19:27 GMT+7] ------------------

 ^ AJAX engine has been rewritten to improve the compatibility with other
Mambo/Joomla! 3rd-party addons and almost all common hosting environments.

 # Some small bugs fixed.


---------------- 2.1 Released -- [13-Feb-2006 12:00 GMT+7] ------------------

 + All core functions of eZine has been completely rewritten applying AJAX
technology for ease of manage (multi-thread) and faster page loading.

 ! First version of eZine released under commercial license (single site
license).


---------------- 1.9 Released -- [01-Jul-2005 09:09 GMT+7] ------------------

 ! Last version of eZine released under GNU General Public License. This
version has not been supported by DesignForJoomla.com any more.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please report any bug found at http://designforjoomla.com/forum

Thank you for being with us.

The DesignForJoomla.com team